come on guys I've been asked to do a
video on how to rake tubes you guys
heard me say before that you know tubes
are my favorite bait to fish they're my
confidence bait nothing else works the
tube will always catch fish some ones I
like to use find my favorite one is the
UM 4 inch tube this is before they went
to the F 2 cent now they're just a
little bit bigger a little smaller in
this series I like that better and they
don't have this exact color in the F 2
cent I like chompers I also like the
young pirate king fourth quarter he's
got the solid head to it good for
flipping I love parking lures tubes I
can open these up though or sucking
tonic smell really bad so keep them
sealed up but you can make it to look
like whatever you want just by changing
color how you work it if you adding a
little dye that's a really versatile
bait through the ways I like to rig it
it's on a tube jig head is your standard
Texas rig and then with the weight
rattle insert the tube jig head up I
fish the least it uh it'll get snagged
up you know more often than the others
so I don't fish this one that much but
it's pretty straightforward
grab your tube you can spit on it maybe
wet it a little bit put some scent on it
this helps of slide in a little easier
so grab your tube spread the tails and
slide it in this is pretty
straightforward
and this too for this is completely
Hollow and does not have a solid head so
once you get to the end you kind of see
the eye there just push it through
tie your line on next way just your
standard Texas route
I like the two OTT KBD grip ends
I like three guys owner might get Plus
you know they're all good trocar gum got
Seuss depending on the brand the size of
the hook changes usually so just kind of
match it up and see what works best but
uh just your standard Texas rig and the
grip pins really hold that tube up nice
you can see it resting there right on
the pin does not slide down let's line
it up poke your through
quarter ounce weight is usually the
heaviest I'd like to go any heavier you
kind of lose the action of the fall you
know the tube has its best action on the
fall it more has a spiral action and you
go to heavier weight you kind of lose
that so I kind of like to stick quarter
or less and the third way is just the
two rattle insert again I'll spray that
down a little bit again this is the
hollow tube I do this on push it all the
way up to the head and you get a feel
for that hole on the side
okay once you find the hole take your
hook go in the top of the wait then you
want to come out the side of the wait a
little tricky to do but and work it
around in there there you go
see it's in the top out the side and you
can use a little bigger hook when you do
it this way too because you have to
worry about the weight hit the top of
the eye if you get it's inside the tube
and once you do that against this your
standard Texas rig like setting the eyes
poking at the top but that's fine just
because your weight is inside then I'll
still this is a bigger tube I'll use
like a five i hook on this one because
it's got a solid head and just your
standard Texas rig again except this is
good to flip with but other than that
that's pretty much all I do with tubes
so hope that helped you guys out thanks
for watching